feat(manager/swift): support Swift Package Registry (SE-0292) id-form dependencies (#43899)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/datasource/swift-package-registry/readme.md

[Swift Package Registry](https://github.com/swiftlang/swift-evolution/blob/main/proposals/0292-package-registry.md) is the HTTP protocol SwiftPM uses to resolve identity-form dependencies declared as `.package(id: "scope.name", …)`.

This datasource queries the SE-0292 "list package releases" endpoint:

```
GET <registry>/<scope>/<name>
Accept: application/vnd.swift.registry.v1+json
```

> Registry URLs are typically auto-discovered by the `swift` manager from `.swiftpm/configuration/registries.json` in the repository (project- and workspace-level locations are both checked). You can also set `customRegistryUrls` or use `hostRules` to point Renovate at a specific registry.

Reviewer: 1. The code only reads `<dir>/.swiftpm/configuration/registries.json`. No workspace lookup exists. 

This is the same inaccuracy that was fixed in `registries-json.ts`, but is still present here. The manager readme already states it correctly ("in the same directory as the Package.swift").

2. `customRegsitryUrls` in not an config option.

> Registry URLs are typically auto-discovered by the `swift` manager from `.swiftpm/configuration/registries.json` in the repository (project- and workspace-level locations are both checked). You can also set `customRegistryUrls` or use `hostRules` to point Renovate at a specific registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registry URLs are auto-discovered by the swift manager from .swiftpm/configuration/registries.json in the same directory as the Package.swift. You can also set registryUrls or use hostRules to point Renovate at a specific registry.
```
